Hi within this lecture where you going to complete our model and we're going to have our list with sections
so we have created our favorite bands.
Now I'm going to copy all of this because we are going to create the same thing with our favorite movies.
So this will be the bends and this will be the movies.
OK so the first movie that I'm going to create is the pulp fiction.
This will be again a favorite elements and this time I'm going to call this pulp fiction and the image
name will be pulp fiction as well.
So rather than saying no one music band I'm going to call this number one movie and I'm going to do
the same thing for others as well.
Of course in a real time real life example you may just call something like the director name or DRM
DV rating or some other explicit description as well.
The second one will be The Dark Knight.
OK so the image name will be again The Dark Knight.
So this way Dark Knight and this will be number two movie and the third one and the last one will be
Kill Bill.
So this is again a Tarantino but let's go for it.
The name will be Kill Bill.
Okay.
And the image will be again Kill Bill and the description will be number one movie number three movie
sorry.
And rather than saying favorite bands I'm going to call those favorite movies and favorite model will
be titled as favorite movies.
And this will have Pulp Fiction and The Dark Knight instead of Megadeth.
THIS FILM.
Yep The Dark Knight.
And rather than I remain and I'm going to call this Kill Bill.
So after dads I'm done with creating my models.
I'm going to go ahead and find some related images for my models.
So we already have a Metallica image over here so I'm going to search for another one.
And I believe the second one is Megadeth.
So let's go for images.
OK and I'm going to take this one and download it and the third one will be Iron Maiden.
OK.
And we have some fancy images over here so let's go for this one.
Yep.
Bring this in.
And this is it's for favorite bands.
Now let's move to movies.
So I'm going to search for Pulp Fiction and I believe this one is good.
So let me choose this one.
I'm going to download this.
OK and let's go for The Dark Knight.
So let's find a cool Batman picture.
OK this looks good.
But I believe this is too small.
Let's go for this one.
Yep this is too small as well.
Yeah.
This is good I believe.
So let me bring in does a batsman.
And finally I'm going to go for a Kill Bill.
So let's say.
Kill Bill and let's find some good humor.
Turman picture like this or this one.
Yep.
This is good.
Let's bring this in.
So after downloading all of this let me close this down and let me rename everything in my downloads
folder.
So I'm going to call this Kill Bill.
OK.
So it has to be the exact thing that I have called in my model.
So this is Dark Knight OK and this is I remained in.
And this is Megadeth and we have to have one more YEP THIS ONE Pulp Fiction.
So let me go into my assets folder and bring everything in.
So this has to be like that.
Yep.
Five of them.
Now I have six images and my model is complete.
Now I have to bring this favorite bands and favorite movies inside of an array so that I can display
them inside of a list.
So I'm going to call my array my favorites and this will have only the favorite bands and the favorite
movies.
OK.
That's it.
Now I can use this my favorite arrays and inside my inside of my list is a parameter to display all
these titles and all those elements.
So let's do that in our content view right.
So let's go back to our content.
We re going to display everything one by one and we're going to display the site Mills as section names
and we're going to display these names as regular names so we're going to use for each to do that.
So rather than having texts and let me open my canvas so that we can see all the change over here and
let me say resume.
OK.
Once we see the preview we can go ahead and change this.
So let's wait for Bill succeeds.
Yep.
Everything seems to be working.
And let's delete this text rather than tax.
I'm gonna have a list so I can give my favorites array as a parameter inside of my list.
And now I don't have to give a manual I.D. because my favorites is already identifiable.
I can just call this favorite and have my own closure and display this favorite inside of a text like
this right.
So if I say a favorites it won't display it because my favorite is not actually a strange right.
It's modeled it's this track.
Let's meet let me just come over here it's an instance of a struct rather than a struct and I have to
say favorite that title in order to get this straight.
So I can come over here and say favorite that title and it will just display the titles of this favorite
models.
As you can see.
But that's not quite what I had in mind.
I want to have this as a section title and then under the sections I want to have my related elements.
So how do we do that.
I'm going to use for each loop and inside of that for each loop I'm going to call for each one more
time to list the elements.
So how do we do that.
Of course I'm going to delete this and I'm going to work with the lists.
So this will be a list.
But under that list I'm going to have a for each loop.
So I'm going to give my favorites as a parameter one more time and in fact I'm going to open my curly
brace and I have my favorite closure.
And rather than favorites I'm going to call it favorite because it will be an individual favorite.
Right.
And rather than showing this inside of a text I'm going to show this inside of a section so section
is to create a hierarchical v content.
So that's how it goes you either create a footer or you create an header.
So we want the header because we want to show the titles in the beginning of a section K not the end
of a section.
So choose this one.
And for header I'm going to go for favorite title and for content if you hit enter over here it will
create a coding block for you in which you will have your second for each loop.
And this I believe gives us an error.
And in order to solve this error let me see.
Yes we we didn't actually write text over here so let me just delete this and come over here to my header
and say something like text and show favorite that title.
OK.
And this will show us the favorite titles as a title.
And again under these titles we are going to have our for each loops.
So let me close this left brain and right brain down and call our for each.
Now I have to give the second array as a parameter in order to reach that I'm going to say favorite
that elements remember inside of our favorite elements like this.
So come over here to your struct.
So if you say favorite that elements.
This will give you favorites elements array and that's what we want.
That's what we want to give as a parameter so that we can reach the individual elements inside of that
list.
So let's go and say element in and this time I'm just going to call text OK and display element dot
name.
So once I do that I will get this beautiful view with section headers section titles and related items
inside of that section titles.
So that's cool.
Now what I want to do when I just hit on one of the items it will take me to another view in which we
will display the details of the selected elements.
Let's do that within the next lecture and see how to do navigation how to have a second view and pass
information between views.